include /usr/local/share/nanorc/Dockerfile.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/Rnw.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/apacheconf.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/arduino.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/asciidoc.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/asm.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/awk.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/batch.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/c.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/clojure.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/cmake.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/coffeescript.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/colortest.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/conf.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/conky.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/creole.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/csh.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/csharp.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/css.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/csv.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/cython.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/dot.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/dotenv.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/elixir.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/email.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/erb.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/etc-hosts.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/fish.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/fortran.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/fsharp.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/gemini.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/genie.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/gentoo.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/git.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/gitcommit.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/glsl.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/go.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/gophermap.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/gradle.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/groff.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/haml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/haskell.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/hcl.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/html.j2.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/html.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/i3.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ical.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ini.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/inputrc.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/jade.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/java.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/javascript.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/js.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/json.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/keymap.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/kickstart.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/kotlin.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ledger.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/lisp.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/lua.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/m3u.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/makefile.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/man.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/markdown.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/moonscript.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/mpdconf.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/mutt.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/nanorc.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/nginx.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/nmap.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ocaml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/octave.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/patch.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/peg.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/perl.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/perl6.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/php.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/pkg-config.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/pkgbuild.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/po.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/pov.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/powershell.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/privoxy.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/prolog.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/properties.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/pug.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/puppet.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/python.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/reST.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/rpmspec.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ruby.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/rust.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/scala.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sed.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sh.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sieve.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sls.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sparql.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/sql.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/svn.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/swift.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/systemd.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/tcl.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/tex.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/toml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/ts.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/twig.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/vala.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/verilog.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/vi.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/x11basic.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/xml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/xresources.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/yaml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/yum.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/zig.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/zsh.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nanorc/zshrc.nanorc